Add dependency section to the Forc chapter (#1340)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/forc/dependancies.md

# Dependencies

> Forc has an dependancy management system which can pull packages using git. This serves as a way to allow others build and share installable Forc projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forc has an dependency management system which can pull packages using git. This serves as a way to allow others build and share installable Forc projects.
```

## Adding a dependency

> If your `Forc.toml` doesn't already have a `[dependencies]` section, add that, then list the crate name and path or git details that you would like to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `Forc.toml` doesn't already have a `[dependencies]` table, add one. Below, list the package name alongside its source. Currently, `forc` supports both `git` and `path` sources.

> When installing from `git` Forc will look for the nearest `Forc.toml` with a matching project `name` field to the dependancy name specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `git` source is specified, forc will fetch the git repository at the given URL and then search for a `Forc.toml` for a package with the given name anywhere inside the git repository.
```

> This example adds a dependency of the custom crate, you can specify a specific git `branch`, `tag` or `rev` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example adds a library dependency named `custom_lib`. Alongside git dependencies you may specify a `branch`, `tag` or `rev` reference from which forc should fetch the source.
```

```toml
[dependencies]
custom_lib = { git = "https://github.com/FuelLabs/custom_lib", branch = "master" }
# custom_lib = { git = "https://github.com/FuelLabs/custom_lib", tag = "v0.0.1" }
# custom_lib = { git = "https://github.com/FuelLabs/custom_lib", rev = "87f80bdf323e2d64e213895d0a639ad468f4deff" }
```

> Installing a local library using `path`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on a local library using `path`:
```

```toml
[dependencies]
custom_lib = { path = "../custom_lib" }
```

Once the package is added, you can re-run `forc build` to include and build the project.

## Updating dependencies

> To update dependancies in your Forc directory you can run `forc update`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update dependencies in your Forc directory you can run `forc update`. For `path` dependencies this will have no effect. For `git` dependencies with a `branch` reference, this will update the project to use the latest commit for the given branch.
```
